It's quite cold, it's really more like my personality
Your mother had a difficult labor
I'm too busy investigating to take care of you
You said that the supervisor does not care about the child
You're right.
Now it seems
I really want to thank this woman named Pig
Yeah.
Isn't this a pig?
How dare you make such a big commotion?
I came to go through a formality
This month's salary must be paid to me on time
5,000 bucks.
I made a special trip
Look at your poverty
Go wait
Hancheng, I chose two pairs of shoes today
But I don't know which pair looks better.
I want Xia Zhu to help me choose.
I have something to do
Aren't you cute in your seat?
Let him help you choose
It's just choosing a shoe, it won't take you much time.
How's this?
Then what do you wear for me?
Xia Lily, you even need someone to serve you with a shoe
Are you crippled?
Xia Pig, are you going too far?
What's your attitude?
you
Believe it or not, you won't be able to find a job in Jiangcheng in the future
Okay.
Summer Lily, I can wear it for you.
But we have to go somewhere else.
You have to answer me a question
OK
If you don't want to
Can refuse
Cat crying mouse
Xing Shao is willing to turn against the governor for him
I've heard
Why are you pretending to be me here?